Act as a senior Node.js + Express + Railway deployment engineer.

Project: UCM (United Care Mobility), a production SaaS backend for NEMT dispatch.
Environment: Replit development, Railway deployment, Supabase, Redis, Stripe, Twilio, Google Maps.

Current issue:
Railway deployment is failing healthchecks because Railway is checking:

/api/boot

and the service is returning unavailable.

Your task is to FIX THIS DIRECTLY IN THE CODEBASE and leave the project ready to redeploy.

Do all of the following:

1. Inspect the Express server startup file and identify where routes and listen() are configured.

2. Ensure the server binds correctly using:
   const port = process.env.PORT || 5000
   and listens on 0.0.0.0

3. Add a health endpoint:
   GET /api/boot
   Response JSON:
   {
     "status": "ok",
     "service": "ucm-api",
     "uptime": process.uptime()
   }

4. Also add:
   GET /health
   returning:
   {
     "status": "ok"
   }

5. Make sure these endpoints are registered before static serving and before any catch-all 404 route.

6. Verify that serveStatic or client asset loading does NOT crash the backend if dist/public is missing.
   If the folder is missing, log a warning and continue booting.

7. Verify that package.json scripts are valid for Railway:
   - build
   - start

8. Verify Railway compatibility:
   - server must boot even if frontend assets are missing
   - no fatal crash during startup
   - process must bind to Railway PORT

9. Make only the minimal safe changes needed.
   Do not refactor unrelated code.
   Do not change business logic.
   Do not change architecture.

10. After changes:
   - show me exactly which files were modified
   - show me the code added/changed
   - tell me the exact commands I should run next in Replit shell:
     git add .
     git commit -m "fix: add Railway health endpoints and stabilize startup"
     git push origin HEAD
     railway up

11. If commit signing fails, instruct me to run:
   git commit --no-gpg-sign -m "fix: add Railway health endpoints and stabilize startup"

Important:
Do the code changes now. Do not only explain. Apply them in the project.